Add basic reference information (#712)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/_tutorials/reference.md

- [Listener middleware](#listener-middleware)
  - [Methods](#methods)
  - [Function arguments](#listener-function-arguments)
- [Initialization options](#initialization-options)
  - [Receiver options](#receiver-options)
  - [App options](#app-options)
- [Error types](#framework-error-types)
  - [Client errors](#client-errors)

---

## Listener middleware
Slack apps typically receive and/or respond to one to many incoming events from Slack. This can be something like listening to an Events API event (like when a link associated with your app is shared) or a user invoking one of your app's shortcuts. For each type of incoming request from Slack, there are distinct methods that you can pass **listener middleware functions** to handle and respond to the event.

### Methods
Below is the current list of methods that accept listener functions. These methods handle specific event types coming from Slack, and typically include an identifing parameter before the listener function. The identifying parameter (included below) narrows the events to specific interactions that your listener function is intended to handle, such as a specific `callback_id`, or a certain substring within a message.

> | Method                          | Description |

Reviewer: `app.step` is missing here.

|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `app.event(eventType, fn);`     | Listens for Events API events. The `eventType` is a `string` to identify a [specific event](https://api.slack.com/events) to handle (which must be subscribed to in your app's configuration).   | 

Reviewer: Having a link to https://api.slack.com/events  is a great idea! To avoid confusion, we may want to mention `message.channels` is not an event type.

| `app.options(actionId, fn);`    | Listens for options requests (from select menus with an external data source). This isn't often used, and shouldn't be mistaken with `app.action`. The `actionId` identifier is a `string` that matches the unique `action_id` included when you app sends a [select with an external data source](https://api.slack.com/reference/block-kit/block-elements#external_select).

⚙️ There are also **[globally-scoped middleware functions](/concepts#global-middleware)** that will be run for all incoming events. These can be passed into the `use(fn)` method.

#### Constraint objects
There are a collection of constraint objects that some methods have access to. These can be used to narrow the event your listener function handles, or to handle special cases. Constraint objects can be passed in lieu of the identifiers outlined above. Below is a collection of constraint objects and the methods they can be passed to. 

> | Method                          | Options | Details |

Reviewer: options is missing here

|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `app.action(constraints, fn)` | `block_id`, `action_id`, `callback_id` | Listens for more than just the `action_id`. `block_id` is the ID for the block that contains the action element. `callback_id` is the `callback_id` of the parent view that is passed when instantiating it. `callback_id`s can only be passed when handling action elements within modals. |
| `app.shortcut(constraints, fn)` | `type`, `callback_id` | Allows specification of the type of shortcut. `type` must either be `shortcut` for **global shortcuts** or `message_action` for **message_shortcuts**. `callbackId` can be a `string` or `RegExp`. |
| `app.view(constraints, fn)` | `type`, `callback_id` | `type` must either be `view_closed` or `view_submission`, which determines what specific event your listener function is sent. `callback_id` is the `callback_id` of the view that is sent when your app opens the modal. |

> | `app.action(constraints, fn);` | `type` | Used primarily to listen to legacy interactive message payloads. Type must be `block_actions` or `interactive_message` |

Reviewer: There are two `app.action` in this table. Can we combine them?

Author: I moved them next to each other, but I was hesitant to combine them because they are used for different use cases. Do you know of a way to possibly combine them?

Reviewer: >app.action({"type": "block_actions", "action_id": "button"}, async ({ ack, body}) => {
  await ack();
})

The `type` is available only when using along with some ID:
```js
app.action({"type": "block_actions", "action_id": "button"}, async ({ ack, body}) => {
  await ack();
})
```
So, separating `type` from other keys does not make sense to me. That being said, I do understand mixing this with the above one may be confusing (the above one focuses on block_actions). The following idea could require a bit longer description but how about adding `type` in this way?

>| `app.action(constraints, fn)` | `block_id`, `action_id`, `callback_id` (, `type`) | Listens for more than just the `action_id`. `block_id` is the ID for the block that contains the action element. `callback_id` is the `callback_id` of the parent view that is passed when instantiating it. `callback_id`s can only be passed when handling action elements within modals. To specifically handle only either an action in blocks or in attachments, you can use `type` field for it. Possible values for `type` are `block_actions` (for blocks) or `interactive_message` (for attachments) |

### Listener function arguments
Listener middleware functions have access to a set of arguments that may change based on the method which the function is passed to. Below is an explanation of the different arguments. The below table details the different arguments and the methods they'll be accessible in.

| Argument  | Description  |
| :---: | :--- |
| `payload` | All listeners | The unwrapped contents of the incoming event, which varies based on event. This is a subset of the information included in `body` which is detailed below. `payload` is also accessible via the alias corresponding to the method name that the lisener is passed to (`message`, `event`, `action`, `shortcut`, `view`, `command`, `options`) **An easy way to understand what's in a payload is to log it**, or [use TypeScript](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/tutorial/using-typescript). |

> | `say` | `message`, *`event`, *`action` `command` | Function to send a message to the channel associated with the incoming event. This argument is only available when the listener is triggered for events that contain a channel ID (the most common being `message` events). `say` accepts simple strings (for plain-text messages) and objects (for messages containing blocks). `say` returns a promise that will resolve with a [`chat.postMessage` response](https://api.slack.com/methods/chat.postMessage). If you're using an the `action` method, or an event other than `message`, you should [ensure that the event payload contains a channel ID](https://api.slack.com/events).

Reviewer: Is `*` necessary here?
```suggestion
| `say` | `message`, `event`, `action` `command` | Function to send a message to the channel associated with the incoming event. This argument is only available when the listener is triggered for events that contain a channel ID (the most common being `message` events). `say` accepts simple strings (for plain-text messages) and objects (for messages containing blocks). `say` returns a promise that will resolve with a [`chat.postMessage` response](https://api.slack.com/methods/chat.postMessage). If you're using an the `action` method, or an event other than `message`, you should [ensure that the event payload contains a channel ID](https://api.slack.com/events).
```

> | `ack` | `action`, `shortcut`, `view`, `command` | Function that **must** be called to acknowledge that an incoming event was received by your app. `ack` returns a promise that resolves when complete. Read more in [Acknowledging events](#acknowledging-events)

Reviewer: Also `options` has this.

| `client` | All listeners | Web API client that uses the token associated with that event. For single-workspace installations, the token is provided to the constructor. For multi-workspace installations, the token is returned by the `authorize` function.

> | `respond` | `shortcut`, `action`, `command` | Function that responds to an incoming event **if** it contains a `response_url`. `respond` returns a promise that resolves with the results of responding using the `response_url`.

Reviewer: for shortcuts, only message shortcuts work.

- `command`: [`body` ](https://api.slack.com/interactivity/slash-commands)
- `view`: [`view_submission` `body` and `payload`](https://api.slack.com/reference/interaction-payloads/views#view_submission); [`view_closed` `body` and `payload`](https://api.slack.com/reference/interaction-payloads/views#view_closed)
- `options`: [`body`] and [`payload`](https://api.slack.com/reference/block-kit/block-elements#external_select)

## Initialization options
Bolt includes a collection of initialization options to customize apps. There are two primary kinds of options: Bolt app options and receiver options. The receiver options may change based on the receiver your app uses. The following receiver options are for the default `ExpressReceiver` (so they'll work as long as you aren't using a custom receiver).

### Receiver options
`ExpressReceiver` options can be passed into the app constructor, just like the Bolt app options.

| Option  | Description  |
| :---: | :--- |
| `signingSecret` | A `string` from your app's configuration (under "Basic Information") which verifies that incoming events are coming from Slack |

> | `endpoints` | A `string` or `object` that specifies the endpoint(s) that the receiver will listen for incoming requests from Slack. For `object`, the `key` is the type of events (ex: `events`), and the value is the endpoint (ex: `/myapp/events`). **By default, all events are sent to the `/slack/events` endpoint** |

Reviewer: Developers should be curious about the list of possible keys.

Author: Hmmm yes, I think so too. As far as I'm aware, there aren't any preset keys for different events, so should I just remove that portion?

Reviewer: I think we can describe the current state - although this is a key-value object, the only available key at this time is "events"

| `scopes` | Required array of scopes that your app will request [within the OAuth process](/concepts#authenticating-oauth). |
| `installerOptions` | Optional object that can be used to customize [the default OAuth support](/concepts#authenticating-oauth). Read more in the OAuth documentation. |

### App options

| Option  | Description  |
| :---: | :--- |
| `agent` | Optional HTTP `Agent` used to set up proxy support. Read more about custom agents in the [Node Slack SDK documentation](https://slack.dev/node-slack-sdk/web-api#proxy-requests-with-a-custom-agent). |
| `clientTls` |  Optional `string` to set a custom TLS configuration for HTTP client requests. Must be one of: `"pfx"`, `"key"`, `"passphrase"`, `"cert"`, or `"ca"`. |
| `convoStore` | A store to set and retrieve state-related conversation information. `set()` sets conversation state and `get()` fetches it. By default, apps have access to a `MemoryStore`. More information and an example can be found [in the documentation](/concepts#conversation-store). |

> | `token` | A `string` from your app's configuration (under "Basic Information") required for calling the Web API. May not be passed when using `authorize`, `orgAuthorize`, or OAuth. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `token` | A `string` from your app's configuration (under "Settings" > "Install App") required for calling the Web API. May not be passed when using `authorize`, `orgAuthorize`, or OAuth. |
```

| `respond` | `shortcut`, `action`, `command` | Function that responds to an incoming event **if** it contains a `response_url`. `respond` returns a promise that resolves with the results of responding using the `response_url`. For shortcuts, `respond` will **only** work for message shortcuts (not global shortcuts).
| `context` | All listeners | Event context. This object contains data about the event and the app, such as the `botId`. Middleware can add additional context before the event is passed to listeners.
| `body` | All listeners | Object that contains the entire body of the request (superset of `payload`). Some accessory data is only available outside of the payload (such as `trigger_id` and `authorizations`).

#### Body and payload references
The structure of the `payload` and `body` is detailed on the API site:
- `action`: [`body`](https://api.slack.com/reference/interaction-payloads/block-actions) and [`payload`s](https://api.slack.com/reference/block-kit/block-elements)

> - `event`: [`body`](https://api.slack.com/types/event) and [`payload`s](https://api.slack.com/events)

Reviewer 2: Nit: `code` links aren't stylized. We could [`try` and `use`](#) the style from GitHub, which turns the text colour blue.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21328/102550829-5ff15400-4073-11eb-95a9-825a38ef3928.png)

Author: Good call - I'll update the styling for these elements.

- `options`: [`body` and `payload`](https://api.slack.com/reference/block-kit/block-elements#external_select)

### Difference from listener middleware
Listener middleware is used to implement logic across many listener functions (though usually not all of them). Listener middleware has the same arguments as the above listener functions, with one distinction: they also have a `next()` function that **must** be called in order to pass the chain of execution. Learn more about listener middleware [in the documentation](/bolt-js/concepts#listener-middleware).

## Initialization options
Bolt includes a collection of initialization options to customize apps. There are two primary kinds of options: Bolt app options and receiver options. The receiver options may change based on the receiver your app uses. The following receiver options are for the default `ExpressReceiver` (so they'll work as long as you aren't using a custom receiver).

### Receiver options
`ExpressReceiver` options can be passed into the app constructor, just like the Bolt app options. They'll be passed to the `ExpressReceiver` instance upon initialization.

> | Option  | Description  |

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to know which are required or optional options. I noticed that some descriptions start with "Optional,...". Would it be better to just have a column "Required"?

| :---: | :--- |
| `signingSecret` | A `string` from your app's configuration (under "Basic Information") which verifies that incoming events are coming from Slack |
| `endpoints` | A `string` or `object` that specifies the endpoint(s) that the receiver will listen for incoming requests from Slack. For `object`, the `key` is the type of events (ex: `events`), and the value is the endpoint (ex: `/myapp/events`). **By default, all events are sent to the `/slack/events` endpoint** |

> | `processBeforeResponse` | `boolean` that determines whether Events API events should be automatically acknowledged. This is primarily useful when running apps on FaaS to ensure events listeners don't unexpectedly terminate. Defaults to `true`.  |

Reviewer 2: I'd love to be able to update the [Deploying to AWS Lambda - Prepare the app](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js/blob/main/docs/_deployments/aws-lambda.md#prepare-the-app) section to link to the `processBeforeResponse` documentation. 🙏🏻

| `orgAuthorize` | Function similar to `authorize`, but used for apps installed to an entire enterprise organization. The `orgAuthorize` function is passed source data that always contains an `enterpriseId`, and sometimes contains a `teamId`, `userId`, `conversationId`, and `isEnterpriseInstall` (depending which information the incoming event contains). The `orgAuthorize` function should return the same information as the `authorize` function, with the addition of a `teamId` and `enterpriseId`.

> | `logger` | Option that allows you to pass a custom logger rather than using the built-in one. Loggers must implement specific methods ([the `Logger` interface](https://github.com/slackapi/node-slack-sdk/blob/main/packages/logger/src/index.ts)), which includes `setLevel(level: LogLevel)`, `getLevel()`, `setName(name: string)`, `debug(...msgs: any[])`, `info(...msgs: any[])`, `warn(...msgs: any[])`, and `error(...msgs: any[])`. More information about logging are [in the documentation](/bolt-js/concepts#logging)  |

Reviewer 2: As someone new, it's not clear what the default log level is - neither the description and logging documentation states a default.

| `logLevel` | Option to control how much or what kind of information is logged. The `LogLevel` export contains the possible levels–in order of most to least information: `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN`, and `ERROR`. More information on logging can be found [in the documentation](/bolt-js/concepts#logging). |
| `ignoreSelf` | `boolean` to enable a middleware function that ignores any messages coming from your app. Requires a `botId`. Defaults to `true`.  |
| `clientOptions.slackApiUrl` | Allows setting a custom endpoint for the Slack API. Used most often for testing. | 

> Bolt's client is an instance of `WebClient` from the [Node Slack SDK](/node-slack-sdk), so some of that documentation may be helpful as you're developing.

> ## Framework error types

Reviewer 2: ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ This is the kind of documentation that a developer with a production app needs and loves.
